[1: Color arpeggiation] Four-note (or three-note) chord rapidly arpeggiated for
a series of arbitrarily many stages. Each stage specified by duration. Constant
written duration. Optional prolation for each stage specified as extra counts
per stage. Each stage may also be accelerando or ritardando. Then what is
expected is that SCP transitions will be specified over partitioned groups of
stages. Also that hairpins will be specified over partitioned groups of stages;
flared hairpins are freely available because niente hairpins will not be used.
Version ending with ritardando used to approach a harmonic. Version terminating
on sustained stage of maximum brittleness on the bridge: used as timbre
transition to altissimi beyond the fretboard; used as timbre transition to
butterknife altississimi.

[2: Irregular altississimi] All on first string. Piano version. Pianissimo
version. Forte version. Fortissimo version. Dynamics differ strikingly. Can be
animated with exact 24-ET pitches. Not clear whether RH attack should be with
RH fingernail, pick, metal rod or glass rod. Characteristic rhythm in irregular
scaled eighth notes (or quarter notes) but not sixteenth notes. Version
possible with LH simply pinching first string without recourse to butterknife.
SCP probably ineffectual, though with the possibility of deadzone immediately
before bridge; check on instrument. Use cross note heads and ottava spanner.
Combines well with open-string pedal possibly rearticulated only sparingly,
especially on sixth string; combines well with jeux des harmoniques.

[3: Glissandi altississimi tremolandi] Rapid RH finger tremolo: either Spanish
finger pattern or rapid mandolin fingering. Glissandi between most but not all
note heads. Hairpins specified over partitioned groups of stages. Rhythm
specified as the combination of a talea rhythm-maker and a sequence of
divisions read cyclically. Can be used in two- and three-voice alternation with
itself.

[4: Glissandi altississimi riarticolati] Like glissandi altississimi tremolandi
but executed with a serrated scraper held between the thumb and forefinger of
the RH. Maybe possible to find an extremely small scraper to play the material
truly pianississimo.

[5: jeux des harmoniques] Canonical on sixth string. Version that attaches capo
tasto to fret 0 and then moves successively to frets I, II, etc to raise the
fundamental. Combines perfectly with irregular altississimi. 

[6: pianissimo quartertone dyads]

[7: snap pizzicati] Input a sequence of zero or more pitch-class segments.
Output a single selection together with a single time signature. (Empty input
returns an empty selection together with the zero-valued time signature 0/1.)
Treat each pitch-class segment according to the following: make rhythm equal to
repeated eighth notes; customize rhythm according to
stage_to_rhythm_maker_succession[0]; set register to middle or low; attach snap
pizzicato to every note; apply forte to nonlast notes and fortissimo to last
note. Beam according to beam specifier. Implement beam_across_void boolean
input parameter.

[8: glissandi scatti] Quick jerky glissando segments. First version plucks some
segment startpoints with RH. Second version uses motion of LH only: glissandi
scatti non articolati.

[9: graced rests] Single acciaccaturas leading to a rest. Contrasted with main
notes played exactly on the beat.