[1: measured lead-in] Prolated sixteenth notes followed by differently
articulated prolated eighth notes. Fixed number of eighth notes with remaining
number of pitches per figure allocated to sixteenth notes of first stage.

[2: reiterative pedal] Fixed pitch reiterated on a single open string against
other pitches changing around the fixed pitch in close intervals. Occurs first
time as G3 pedal on open (3) string. Occurs second time as Bqs pedal on open
(2) string. Notates in multiple voices. Reiterative pedal notated in one voice.
Multipitch figuration notated in one or more additional voices.

[3: convulsive multipitch figures] Develops as progressively less convulsive
and increasingly rhythmically regular.

[4: color arpeggiation] Single chord rapidly arpeggiated for a series of
arbitrarily many stages. Each stage may be time-treated with prolation or local
accelerandi. SCP transitions specified over groups of stages. Material
accelerates well, as though gradually falling into its rapid version of else
falling into another material. Version terminating on sustained stage of
maximum ponticello brittleness transitions to irregular altissimi and deadzone
quivering.

[5: tremolo glissandi altississimi] Continuous RH tremolo. Glissandi
between some noteheads. Very slow decrease in rate of tremolo transforms
material into hypnotic one-note rearticulation.

[6: scraped glissandi altississimi] Glissandi altississimi played pianissimo
with the smallest possible scraper held in the RH.

[7: irregular altississimi] All on first string with LH pinching 24-ET pitches
beyond the fretboard. Fingerpads and fingernails differ strikingly. Dynamics
differ strikingly. First version played piano with fingerpads in quick tiptoe
rhythm (written as diminished eighth notes mixed with diminished sixteenth
notes). Second version played forte in quick-but-heavy footfall rhythm (written
as diminished eighth notes). Notates with cross noteheads and ottava spanner.
Piano and forte versions of material interleave especially well as a type of
crossfade between two separate voices that start predominantly piano with 
intermittent forte and develop gradually to predominantly forte with
intermittent piano. Crossfade effects two complete cycles from piano to forte
and back to piano. Transitions especially effectively up the string to deadzone
quivering.

[8: deadzone quivering] Rapid RH mandolin tremoli on strings (1) and (2)
immediately in front of the bridge. LH deadens strings at extremely high
altississimi pitches. Parameterizes with difference between single-string
tremoli and two-string temoli. Parameterizes with transitions between different
strictures of tremolo. Parameterizes with glissandi between LH altississimi
pitches. Activates with sudden LH down-glissandi that cover almost all of the
strings' course with RH tremoli continue.

[9: OB quivering] Rapid RH mandolin tremoli directly on the irregular surface
of the bridge. LH tacet. Particularly effective as an attention-holding
material to allow the LH to take one of the scrapers all the way from a stand
or sidetable to the RH in an expansive arc.

[10: hypnotic one-note rearticulation] Gentle dynamics and regular rhythm.
Second version with SCP transitions. Crescendo transforms material into
mechanical one-note rearticulation.

[11: fluid one-note rearticulation] Gentle dynamics with irregular rhythm.
Second version with SCP transitions.

[12: mechanical one-note rearticulation] Insistent dynamics, regular rhythm,
deadened attacks. Second version with SCP transitions. Decrescendo transforms
material into hypnotic one-note rearticulation.

[13: convulsive one-note rearticulation] Loud erratic dynamics, irregular
rhythm, intermittent deadened attacks. Second version with SCP transitions.

[14: snap pizzicati] Piano version. Forte version. Intermixes with measured
lead-in. Intermixes with reiterative pedal. Intermixes with convulsive
multipitch figures. Intermixes with irregular altissimi. Intermixes with
hypnotic one-note rearticulation. Intermixes with fluid one-note
rearticulation. Intermixes with mechanical one-note rearticulation. Intermixes
with convulsive one-note rearticulation. Intermixes with deadened
half-harmonics. Intermixes with pianissimo quartertone dyads. Intermixes with
pitched glissandi scatti. Intermixes with whisked glissandi scatti. Intermixes
with looped whisked glissandi scatti. Intermixes with grace materials.

[15: deadened half-harmonics] Piano version. Forte version. Similar function to
snap pizzicati. Intermixes with most other materials.

[16: pianissimo quartertone dyads] Single dyads used to terminate insistent
figures as a type of memory or orchestrated resonance.

[17: pitched glissandi scatti] Quick jerky glissando segments. RH plucks first
note. Many different rhythmic characters available.

[18: whisked glissandi scatti] Quick jerky glissando segments. RH tacet. Many
different rhythmic characters available.

[19: looped whisked glissandi scatti] Whisked glissandi scatti caught in a
mechanical vortex. Turns Nico momentarily into mechnical puppet.

[20: one-note grace rests] Series of rests each preceded by a single
acciaccatura. Contrasts with main notes played exactly on the beat.

[21: multinote graced rests] Series of rests each preceded by a multinote
acciaccatura. Develops into [multinote grace tuplets].

[22: multinote grace tuplets] Series of relatively moderate tuplets each
precede by a multinote acciaccatura. Especially effective when tuplets are all
the same duration.

[23: two-note alternation] With accents on every third note. With intermittent
rhythmic variation during figure. With gradually changing hairpins. Juxtaposes
intermittent appearances of other figures particularly well. Transforms into
the introductory notes of other figures particularly well.

[24: jeux des harmoniques] Played on string (6). Occurs first as E2 on open (6)
string. Occurs second time as F2 with capo tasto fixed to fret I on string (6).
Occurs third time as F#2 with capo tasto fixed to fret II on string (6).

### TRANSFORMATIONS ###

[T1] Long crescendo and increased dampening gradually transform hypnotic
one-note rearticulation into mechanical one-note rearticulation.

[T2] Consider widely spaced snap pizzicati played forte. Then add a one-note
acciaccatura before each snap pizzicato. Then add a two- or three-note
acciaccatura before each snap pizzicato. Then add a five- or six-note
acciaccatura before each snap pizzicato. This gradually fills the duration
alloted to each snap pizzicato. Then subito silence the snap pizzicati and
preserve the multinote acciaccaturas. Then allow the multinote acciaccaturas to
overflow the frame by writing a continuous stream of notes played
accel-rit-accel-rit almost as a type of cadenza with the fastest centerpoints
of each wave recalling the speed of the previous multinote acciaccaturas. Then
gradually compress the duration allotted to each stage of the wave. Then hold
the short-stage wave in rhythmic regularity. Then hold the duration of each
stage constant while reducing the number of notes in each stage. Then realize
each stage as just a single note, now alterating between just two notes in
rhythmic regularity. Then apply a gradual accelerando. Then up-transpose the
two notes and apply the accelerando again. Then up-transpose the two notes and
apply the accelerando a third time. After the fourth or fifth up-transposition
allow the accelerando to result in material of rapid two-note alternation with
cross-accents and rhythmic variation. Then transition the two-note alternation
gradually towards the bridge. Once RH is in front of the bridge, gradually
glissando the LH up the strings' course until just in front of the RH fingers.
Then transform the RH rhythmic from two-note alternation into quivering.