[T1] Consider widely spaced snap pizzicati played forte. Then add a one-note
acciaccatura before each snap pizzicato. Then add a two- or three-note
acciaccatura before each snap pizzicato. Then add a five- or six-note
acciaccatura before each snap pizzicato. This gradually fills the duration
alloted to each snap pizzicato. Then subito silence the snap pizzicati and
preserve the multinote acciaccaturas. Then allow the multinote acciaccaturas to
overflow the frame by writing a continuous stream of notes played
accel-rit-accel-rit almost as a type of cadenza with the fastest centerpoints
of each wave recalling the speed of the previous multinote acciaccaturas. Then
gradually compress the duration allotted to each stage of the wave. Then hold
the short-stage wave in rhythmic regularity. Then hold the duration of each
stage constant while reducing the number of notes in each stage. Then realize
each stage as just a single note, now alterating between just two notes in
rhythmic regularity. Then apply a gradual accelerando. Then up-transpose the
two notes and apply the accelerando again. Then up-transpose the two notes and
apply the accelerando a third time. After the fourth or fifth up-transposition
allow the accelerando to result in material of rapid two-note alternation with
cross-accents and rhythmic variation. Then transition the two-note alternation
gradually towards the bridge. Once RH is in front of the bridge, gradually
glissando the LH up the strings' course until just in front of the RH fingers.
Then transform the RH rhythmic from two-note alternation into quivering.

[T2] Consider long-terminated even sixteenth notes patterned |: LS LS LS SL :|
as, for example, |: 3, 2, 4, 3, 5, 2, 3, 4 :| with 3=1+1+2, 2=1+2, 4=1+1+1+2,
etc. with a slight accent on the last, longer attack of each chain. Motion
characterizes a type of passe-pied. Then progressively fill the termination of
each chain with a sudden up- or down-glissando that starts on the beat and
stops on the next beat, effectively dividing each +2 into a glissando of +1 and
a sustain of +1. Then progressingly transform some chains to terminate in two
glissandi. Then three glissandi. Then all chains realized exclusively as
whisked glissandi scatti. Then transform some of the whisked cells according to
tuplet, accelerando, ritardando time treatments. Then time-treat more cells and
increase the speed of the figures already treated by both rhythmic density and
length of string covered by each glissando. Then begin to introduce a single
ringing possibly-harmonic belllike pitch between some densely whisked figures.
Allow the bellpitch to persist for a time. Then extend some of the occurrences
of the bellpitch as a two-note chain. Then extend some bellpitch chains to
three notes, always starting with the same anchor pitch. Bellpitches are all of
the same quarter note rhythm though with the last pitch in each chain sometimes
curtailed to effect a sense of interrupted return to the whisked glissandi
scatti. Begin reducing the number and duration of whisked glissandi scatti
cells. Arrive at continuous belltones in even quarter notes absent any
intervening material. Then begin closing accelerando. Slowly accelerate
belltones. Continue accelerando and begin damping some belltones. Continue
accelerando and dampen more belltones. Continue acclerando and realize all
tones as half-harmonics. Achieve end-tempo of accelerando and then begin
registral ascent, still with all notes as half-harmonics. Effect long
diminuendo during ascent. Achieve end point of ascent in quiet half-harmonics.
Then loop half-harmonics and close al niente.

[T3] Consider a single lyrical half note played with vibrato. Repeat half note
at pitch some number of times. Add a second pitch to the chain of half notes
played with vibrato. Then add a third pitch, though with many chains continuing
to begin with the anchor pitch. Begin interpolating single up-doits. Then
increase the number of up-doits and crossfade from vibrato half notes to gentle
up-doits. Remain on up-doits for a time. Then begin interpolating multinote
graced rests. Then crossfade from up-doits to multinote graced rests. Then
begin simultaneous down-transposition and ritardando of multinote graced rests.
Achieve lowest register of multinote figures. Continue protracted ritardando
of multinote figures. Come to rest on open (6) string. Continue to rearticulate
the open (6) string with single plucks between cells of the other two
narratives. Transitions SCP from the bridge to the fingerboard. Then change the
tasto plucks of string (6) to lateral strokes of jeux des harmoniques. Then
begin to vary the number of jeux des harmoniques strokes between 1, 2, 3. Begin
to interpolate upper-register 24-ET acciaccaturas. Cotinue to interpolate
upper-register 24-ET acciaccaturas and then raise fundamental of jeux des
harmoniques from fret 0 of string (6) to fret I of string (6). Begin to slow
and deaden upper-register 24-ET figures. Then raise fundamental of jeux des
harmoniques from from I of string (6) to fret III of string (6). Then bring
upper-register 24-ET figures to rest on a single pitch repeated in exact
quarter note rhythm. Then let jeux des harmoniques begin to expire. Then begin
to tremolo-attack the start of some pitches in the upper-register repetition
chain. Then extend the tremolo-attack to consume the entire duration of first
some notes and then all notes. Then begin to move tremolo pitch by LH
glissandi. Then move glissandi beyond fingerboard. Then move glissandi beyond
rose. Then move LH and RH all the way before the bridge for tremolo glissandi
altississimi. Then slow tremolo to individually articulated altississimo notes.
Then renaminate altississimo notes to deadzone quivering. Then transition
deadzone quivering to OB quivering. Then slow OB quivering under diminuendo al
niente.